Full Stack Developer

Become a full-stack developer to write different kinds of code that handle frontend and backend tasks.

Two million computer programming jobs are estimated to be created around the world by 2020 - thanks to unprecedented growth in the tech sector.

I will pinpoint the key skills needed for the most in-demand jobs and develop courses and diplomas to you in those areas. That’s why I have developed this two months full stack web development bootcamp, which will be 90% practical and 10% theory as well as dedicated mentorship. 


What will I do as a full-stack developer?

The full-stack developer can handle both backend and frontend tasks, although they may not necessarily be an expert in either. If you're torn between learning multiple technologies, this might be the path for you! Full-stack developers may:

        Build a site backend in programming languages such as Node or PHP
        Use front-end libraries or frameworks
        Manage application deployment and put projects on servers
        Perform sys admin tasks
        Run SQL queries on databases

How much will I earn?
Here is a list of selected countries:

    United States

    Beginner: $50,000 - $80,000

    2-5 years: $70,000 - $90,000

    5+ years: $100,000 +

    United Kingdom

    Beginner: £30,000 - £40,000 

    2-5 years: £40,000 - £60,000

    5+ years: £60,000 +

What are my job prospects?
This path can prepare you for the following jobs:
    Full-stack developer
    Junior front-end developer
    Junior back-end developer

Who is eligible to enroll?
This path is accessible to all, but here are some recommendations:
    A high school diploma 
    A good level of English (
    Access to a computer (PC or Mac), headphones, a webcam
    Internet access

What will I learn?
In this path, you'll learn how to:
    Web development  Fundamentals HTML/CSS 
    Create web projects with JavaScript
    Use React, a popular JavaScript library
    Write backend Nodejs/Php code
    Create  Nodejs/Php applications
    Integrate Reactjs with  Nodejs
    Query a database (mongodb/mysql) that uses and stores information
    Deploy a website online
    Write project documentation
    Optimize performance
    Analyze a project and choose a technical solution
    Design technical architecture using UML diagrams

How will I learn ?
The learning method is unique and revolves around two elements: professional projects and dedicated mentoring sessions

Projects
The learning is project-driven because that’s the fastest way to become proficient. Projects offer hands-on experience so you can hit the ground running when you start your new job.  

Mentorship
During your path, you will have 2 hours mentoring session a week, offering  one-to-one support in person or  via weekly video conference . This mentoring session will offer guidance on your projects, help define objectives and guide you until you reach them. 
